<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="auto-generated"><title>Implementation and Installation Guide - v1.0</title><body><p>This guide outlines the steps for implementing and installing the core components of version 1.0.</p><section><title>1. Prerequisites</title><p>No prerequisites were specified.</p></section><section><title>2. Environment Setup</title><p>No environment setup instructions were provided.</p></section><section><title>3. Installation Steps</title></section><section><title>AI Content Generation Endpoint</title><p>The /ai/generate endpoint allows users to request AI-generated technical writing content.</p><ul><li>Request:Method: POSTData: A text prompt from the frontend.</li><li>Response:Content-Type: application/jsonData: A JSON object containing the generated text.</li><li>Error Handling:The endpoint returns appropriate HTTP status codes for failures or invalid input.</li></ul></section><section><title>Document Editor UI</title><p>The Document Editor UI provides a rich text editing experience.</p><ul><li>Features:Formatting Toolbar:Includes options for:BoldListsHeadings</li><li>Integration:The editor integrates with the backend for loading and saving document content.</li><li>User Feedback:Visual indicators, such as loading spinners and success toasts, provide feedback during save operations.</li><li>Styling:Utilizes Tailwind CSS and shadcn/ui for consistent styling and accessibility.</li><li>Responsiveness:The UI is responsive and supports dark mode.</li></ul></section><section><title>User Registration API</title><p>The User Registration API facilitates secure user account creation.</p><ul><li>Endpoint:/register</li><li>Request Data:email: A unique email address.password: A password with a minimum length of 8 characters.displayName: User's display name.</li><li>Security:Passwords are hashed using bcrypt before storage.</li><li>Response on Success:A signed JSON Web Token (JWT) is returned to authenticate the user session.</li><li>Logging:All registration events are logged for auditing and monitoring purposes.</li></ul></section><section><title>4. Verification</title><p>No verification steps were provided.</p></section><section><title>5. Common Issues</title><p>No common issues were documented in this update.</p></section></body></topic>